Adds Google TPU metrics (#909)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/app/features/system-metrics.md

title: System metrics
---

> This page provides detailed information about the system metrics that are tracked by the W&B SDK, including how the particular metrics are calculated in the code.

Reviewer: Perhaps say here that "`wandb` automatically logs system metrics every 10 seconds".

> W&B assigns a `tpu` tags to this metric.

Reviewer: remove this whole TPU Utilization section

### TPU Memory usage

> The memory/usage metric is generated for the TPU Worker resource and tracks the memory used by the TPU VM in bytes. This metric is sampled every 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current High Bandwidth Memory usage in bytes per TPU core.
W&B assigns a `tpu.{tpu_index}.memoryUsageBytes` tag to this metric.
```

### TPU Memory usage percentage

> The memory/usage metric is generated for the TPU Worker resource and tracks the memory used by the TPU VM as a percentage. This metric is sampled every 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current High Bandwidth Memory usage in percent per TPU core.
W&B assigns a `tpu.{tpu_index}.memoryUsageBytes` tag to this metric.
```

### TPU Duty cycle

> Tracks the percentage of time over the sample period during which the TPU memory usage was actively processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TensorCore duty cycle percentage per TPU device. Tracks the percentage of time over the sample period during which the accelerator TensorCore was actively processing. A larger value means better TensorCore utilization.
W&B assigns a `tpu.{tpu_index}.dutyCycle` tag to this metric.
```
